we have here formed monero
presenting his new video that he
Do this because you are giving blown away
well you will know by title
this is the gameplay the advance the video
advance because it's not a replay of 30 20
of 2014
only this you see how the
logo and there is nothing else of this
game then the 30 militated 2014 that
As you can see, all we know is the
release date September
2013 specifically on September 26
of 2012 we have of 2013 we have
only 54 sorry 4 images here
you are seeing the first one corresponds
with the line in hamburg hanover and
well this line was inaugurated in the 3000
2013 milestone recently I think the 26th
of July like that a few days ago then
will be in training later 2014
for free
adapted to the new graphics next to
this will be the faber line
london high speed that I told you
and the line with the country then the 3000
2014 active another image is
surely it will be the logo of the cde
or an image of the game is not this game
you can buy physically in stores and
in estimated then that brings this game
because it brings some graphic improvements
graphics a new graphic engine say
that will be some graphics
impressive rather more real
some real life routes and also
the scenario is going to be more complex
career as a train driver then
you are going to be able to have a greater variety of
trains you will not be able to seem the way
they will improve it and they will
make broader more difficult they have
more challenges
then as I told you we will be able to
also create your own routes and
share them in steam download
contents of other players and create your
own collection and its own routes
as it could be done now but improved
with the two fast and such also brings
a new interface of 3000 2014 more
intuitive
as I said a greater career mode and
a series of geographic improvements those that
have bought the 30th liter 2013 in
steam will be able to update
free at 30th later 2014
therefore they will be able to have the new
graphics and everything new here you are seeing
the train of the high speed london line to
faber sham that I am telling you is already
updated with new graphics
then it is important if you have bought
this dlc or the stuttgart you are going to
be able to update for free at 30
2014 with the new graphics then
it's pretty good that that changes in the
game that evolution does not do
lack to pay more new is simply
basically basically update the
of the e3 that they take out that they will cost you
money assigned kids here are you
seeing launch date 26 of
September and you will see it on the channel
then in English so if you know the
I play a little English, appreciating a little
then good here and before you finish
I teach that they have told me a web page
the rails and m and I have seen the alvia s-130
between the train alvia de españa 'by
excellence and I did not know how to install it what
I downloaded and I had to install
with the package manager the file that
was with the utilities or something like that
yes I could do it but then it puts me
to activate providers that I do not have a
idea of ​​what it is then here did not tell me
as in the scenario editor as
place the tractor car train at
then I do not know how to install a train
inside the game this I installed it from
yes I have done but did not show me
the games so I ask for help for
get the s-130 alvia that I think that
It will be worthwhile and if I get you
I upload it to the channel so nothing kids
I hope your help here you see through
of the finished trailer and greetings to all
goodbye